Add English articles for OMIC 4K 2019 & 2022 (#7900)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/OMIC/2019_4K/en.md

tags:
  - O!MIC 4K 2019
  - OMIC
---

# osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019

![O!MIC 4K 2019 Logo](img/logo.png)

> **osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019** (***O!MIC 4K 2019***) was an osu!mania 4K tournament that was limited to Indonesia with the system for the early matches with *Royal Rumble*, followed by one-to-one with *Double-Elimination bracket* in the Group Distribution Stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019** (***O!MIC 4K 2019***) was a nationwide osu!mania 4K tournament that was open exclusively to all players from Indonesia. The tournament adopted a hybrid system in where the early matches were held in a royal rumble format, which was then followed by a 1v1 double elimination bracket starting from the Group Distribution Stage onwards.
```

> **osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019** (***O!MIC 4K 2019***) was an osu!mania 4K tournament that are only limited to Indonesia with the system for the early matches with *Royal Rumble*, followed by one-to-one with *Double-Elimination bracket* in the Group Distribution Stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019** (***O!MIC 4K 2019***) was an osu!mania 4K tournament that was limited to Indonesia with the system for the early matches with *Royal Rumble*, followed by one-to-one with *Double-Elimination bracket* in the Group Distribution Stage.
```

> ## Tournament Schedule 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Tournament schedule 
```

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration Phase | 2019-05-26/2019-06-09 |
| Live Drawings | 2019-06-10/2019-06-16 |
| Qualifiers Round | 2019-06-22/2019-06-23 |
| Round of 56 | 2019-06-29/2019-06-30 |

> | Group Distribution - First Week | 2019-07-06/2019-07-07 |
> | Group Distribution - Second Week | 2019-07-13/2019-07-14 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Group Distribution Stage - First Week | 2019-07-06/2019-07-07 |
| Group Distribution Stage - Second Week | 2019-07-13/2019-07-14 |
```

| Round of 16 | 2019-07-20/2019-07-21 |
| Quarterfinal | 2019-07-27/2019-07-28 |
| Semifinal - First Week | 2019-08-03/2019-08-04 |
| Semifinal - Second Week | 2019-08-10/2019-08-11 |
| Final | 2019-08-17/2019-08-18 |
| Grand Final | 2019-08-24/2019-08-25 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "First Place") | IDR350,000, 4 months of osu!supporter tag, Google Play Voucher code of IDR50,000, profile badge |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "First Place") | 350,000 IDR, 4 months of osu!supporter tag, 50,000 IDR worth of Google Play Voucher, profile badge |
```

> | ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "Second Place") | IDR200,000, 2 months of osu!supporter tag |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "Second Place") | 200,000 IDR, 2 months of osu!supporter tag |
```

> | ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "Third Place") | IDR150,000, 1 month of osu!supporter tag |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "Third Place") | 150,000 IDR, 1 month of osu!supporter tag |
```

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/189514786-f3f2e7e5-a798-4899-8a36-9f6d963ea003.png)

## Tournament Staffs,

> | Position | Member |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Position | Member(s) |
```

> ## Tournament Staffs,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Organisation
```

| Commentator | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-ExRazor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6807769), ::{ flag=ID }:: [[Crz]Crysarlene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5492871), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Artemis-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9025266), ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Halsy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6551704), ::{ flag=ID }:: [projectc1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2663343), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575), ::{ flag=ID }:: [SayoriFangirl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4569035), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Ulat Bulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3484548), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Victim_Crasher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2084869) |
| Designer | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Acrylate](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14208229) |

## Links

- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/913338)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/omic_live)

> - [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/mPbSx2q)

Reviewer 2: for consistency
```suggestion
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/mPbSx2q)
```

| Low | ::{ flag=ID }:: [XnoxID](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13605876), ::{ flag=ID }:: [JintanSama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12652371), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ElinLYPK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5198950), ::{ flag=ID }:: [agung0210](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4663559), ::{ flag=ID }:: [PetrikPintar](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13489565), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fathan2Gaming](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11982790), ::{ flag=ID }:: [pakyan29](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7879632), ::{ flag=ID }:: [RizSama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9281315) |

> ### Group Distribution 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Group Distribution Stage
```

> | Group | Top Seed | High Seed | Mid Seed | Low Seed |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Group | Top seed | High seed | Mid seed | Low seed |
```

| **E** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Noch Einen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12668735) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Dil-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3796282) |
| **F** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [reyss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4557440) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onii\_ue](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12471868) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304) |
| **G** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Neptunia-chan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11608122) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [anzutto232](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13408635) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Merlinch](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4901971) |
| **H** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [kebannedanjg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12971540) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [2ndlegend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7621604) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [StyxFearNite](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8390933) |

> ## Mappool

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Mappools
```

  4. [Camellia - Towards The Horizon (-Rem-) \[Visionary\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/909132#mania/1897188)
  5. [M2U remixed celas - Legend of Seeker (Kamikaze) \[Despair\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/869795#mania/1817750)
  6. [Cuve - v o l d e n u i t (SitekX) \[h y b r i d\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/905494#mania/1889957)
  7. [fripSide - sister's noise (TV Size) (juankristal) \[Electromaster\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/973859#mania/2038639)
  8. [wa. remixed by celas - Gin no Kaze -Silver Wind- (Elekton) \[mistral\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/757160#mania/1592941)
  9. [Ryu* ft. MAYU - Only For You\* (Ryu\* REMIX) (Kamikaze) \[nowsmart's SHINE (MP4K Edit)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/996035#mania/2083446)
  10. [2MB - Healing Vision \~Angelic mix\~ (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[please save her for me (nerfed) 1.05x\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/952775#mania/2083076)
  11. [FLOOR BABA - Whole Pocket (Lenfried-) \[8 Ball\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/781110#mania/1640591)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Camellia - Furry Cannon (LuxAzure) \[CURIOSSITY'S PRIMAL SVVAGERY (buffed edition)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1003476#mania/2100177)**

> ### Group Distribution 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Group Distribution Stage
```

  4. [Van Damme - Computer Graphics Demonstration Tape (Hydria) \[Four Keys Scroll Velocity Demonstration Chart\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/641196#mania/1359715)
  5. [Dan Salvato - Doki Doki Literature Club! (Main Theme) (arcwinolivirus) \[?Harem?\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/682702#mania/1443731)
  6. [holic - Deus ex machina (-Rem-) \[guil x rem's errata\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/984769#mania/2060485)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[xi vs sakuzyo - STORIA (Kyousuke-) \[Rido's 4K Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/330438#mania/732355)**

### Qualifiers

- FreeMod
  1. [SlipGate - Chronon (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 1: Constant\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988436#mania/2067666)
  2. [Skrillex - Bangarang (feat. Sirah) (Cut Ver.) (-Rem-) \[Stage 2: Clarity\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988439#mania/2067676)
  3. [SHK - Identity Part 4 (LuxAzure) \[Stage 3: Existence\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988442#mania/2067686)
  4. [Venetian Snares - My So-Called Life (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 4: Desolation\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988435#mania/2067665)

> ## Match Results

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Match results
```

| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **[Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54166162) |
| [\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 5 | **7** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54171320) |

### Semifinal

| Saturday, 3 August 2019 |  |  |  |  |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **[\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 5 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Yangga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143152) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53799475) |
| [\[KonG-69\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8847412) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 3 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53802393) |
| **[ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Slowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10053987) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53805517) |

| Sunday, 4 August 2019 |  |  |  |  |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |

> | [Heriza-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8911771) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664)** | -win by default- |

Reviewer 3: these should be italicised

```suggestion
| [Heriza-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8911771) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664)** | *win by default* |
```

| Sunday, 21 July 2019 |  |  |  |  |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| [Merlinch](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4901971) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53491947) |
| **[\[KonG-69\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8847412)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **5** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [alvinrainbow](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4783042) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53493068) |
| [Artem1s](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12561379) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[Yamada Kitaro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7670805)** | [-win by default-](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53494572) |
| [Slowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10053987) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 1 | **5** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53497372) |
| [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **5** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[reyss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4557440)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53499829) |

> ### Group Distribution 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Group Distribution Stage
```

> | Saturday, 6 July 2019 |  |  |  |  |

Reviewer 3: please look at the [template](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/blob/master/wiki/Tournaments/TEMPLATE.md?plain=1#L125-L132)

| **[\[ID\]Catalyst-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8810018)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 3 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [rizki20](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6523286) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53329314) |
| **[Artem1s](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12561379)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Zero\[13\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13942350) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53331799) |
| [Yangga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143152) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **4** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53331589) |
| **[Slowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10053987)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [MATEH ON](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8136810) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53333251) |
| **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[-TiaZark-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14294140) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53333168) |

### Round of 56

| Saturday, 29 June 2019 |  |  |
| :-: | :-- | :-: |

> | **Grup A** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [2ndlegend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7621604) (14 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onii\_ue](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12471868) (13 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [World_Disaster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10666064) (5 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [XnoxID](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13605876) (4 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [CrashOOF](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13788391) (0 Point) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/52988947) |

Reviewer 3: "Group"

| **Grup G** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [alvinrainbow](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4783042) (15 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [anzutto232](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13408635) (15 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [pakyan29](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7879632) (6 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ilhamsyah849](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4679215) (0 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[AST\]Rosary](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12504843) (0 Point) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53005726) |
| **Grup H** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[-TiaZark-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14294140) (13 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Dil-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3796282) (11 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ReZ\_TB](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9113955) (6 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Hilmi Ghazian](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3200342) (6 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [RizSama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9281315) (0 Point) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53009213) |

> ## General Rules

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## General rules
```

- There is no limit to the amount of participants.

> - Participant should register on the links that are already provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Participants should register on the links that are already provided.
```

> - Flag on each participant's osu! account must be**Indonesia**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Flag on each participant's osu! account must be **Indonesia**.
```

> - Participants should register on the links that are already provided.

Reviewer 3: what links

Author: links from the beginning of the article

Reviewer 3: through challonge i assume?

Author: it's from the forum discussion thread apparently (discussion thread is also linked in the Links section)

Reviewer 3: i see

```suggestion
- Participants should register through the links provided in the forum thread.
```

> - The lowest rank for this tournament is **#5000 Country**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The lowest rank for this tournament is **#5000 country rank**.
```

> - All of the tournament staff are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staff that are taking the position of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tournament staffs are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staffs that are taking the position of the following:
```

> - All of the tournament staffs are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staff that are taking the position of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All of the tournament staff are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staff that are taking the position of the following:
```

> - Tournament staffs are not permitted to participate as a player on this tournament, except for staffs that are taking the position of the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Tournament staff members are not permitted to participate as players in this tournament, except for the following positions:
```

  - Streamer 
  - Commentator 
  - Designer 

> - Every participant who registers will go through a session of [Tournament Screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Every registering participant will be required to go through a session of [screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening) held by the Tournament Management.
```

> - Every registering participant will be required to go through a session of [screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening) held by the Tournament Management.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Every registering participant will be required to go through [tournament screening](/wiki/Tournaments/Official_support#tournament-screening).
```

> ### Tournament Rules

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Tournament rules
```

- Matches will be held every Saturday and Sunday.
- The scoring system for this tournament is Score V2.

> - Mappool for each round will be **announced by the staff** every Sunday after the previous round is over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The corresponding mappools for each round are going to be **announced by the staff** every Sunday after the previous round is over.
```

> - All players should **download all maps** for the mappool before the match starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All players are advised to **have all maps from the mappool ready** before the match starts.
```

> - The corresponding mappools for each round are going to be **announced by the staff** every Sunday after the previous round is over.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The corresponding mappools for each round will be **announced by staff** every Sunday after the previous round is over.
```

> - If there is no referee during the match time, please inform the **organizer staff**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is no referee during the match time, players are expected to inform the **organizer staff** in due time.
```

Reviewer: (words such as "please inform..." or "please perform..." should be avoided here as generally speaking rules are meant to be firm and binding)

> - If there is no referee during the match time, please inform the **Organizer staff**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If there is no referee during the match time, please inform the **organizer staff**.
```

- Participants are expected to **show up on time** according to the schedule.
- The staff can only give a delay of **10 minutes**.

> - If a player has a connection problem that they left the match, then the decision will be **determined by the referee** which is **absolute**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a player has a connection problem, the result of which is them disconnecting from the match, then the decision will be **determined by the referee** which is **absolute**.
```

> - If a player has a connection problem, the result of which is them disconnecting from the match, then the decision will be **determined by the referee** which is **absolute**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a player has a connection problem which caused them to be disconnected from the match, then the decision will be **determined by the referee** which is **absolute**.
```

- Players must follow the [rules](/wiki/Rules) that has been set by the game.

### Match Regulations 

> - All players who follow and fulfill all the registration requirements of this tournament will enter the Qualifiers round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All players who are deemed eligible for the tournament will enter the Qualifiers round.
```

> - Players must follow the [rules](/wiki/Rules) that has been set by the game.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Players must follow the osu! [rules](/wiki/Rules).
```

> ### Match Regulations 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Match regulations 
```

- Each lobby contains a maximum of 8 players in the Qualifiers round.

> - Players are allowes to use visual mods such as (HD), Flashlight (FL), Fade In (FI), and Mirror (MR).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Players are allowed to use visual mods such as (HD), Flashlight (FL), Fade In (FI), and Mirror (MR).
```

> - All players who are deemed eligible for the tournament will enter the Qualifiers round.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- All players who are deemed eligible for the tournament will enter Qualifiers.
```

> - Each lobby contains a maximum of 8 players in the Qualifiers round.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Each lobby contains a maximum of 8 players in the Qualifiers.
```

- Players will play 2 maps for a warm-up session that had been selected by the player that rolled the highest.

> - **Babak Kualifikasi**

Reviewer 2: this was not translated

Author: somehow didn't catch that

> - Players will play 2 maps for a warm-up session that had been selected by the player that rolled the highest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Players will play 2 warm-up maps selected by the player that rolled the highest.
```

> - **Qualifiers round**

Reviewer 3: use level-4 headings for these

- The maximum number of players to enter the next round is 56 players.

> - In the Qualifiers round there will be 4 maps in the mappool that have different skillsets, all of these maps will be created by the mappool selector.

Reviewer 2: Could you clarify what created means here? Does this mean they are commissioned/custom beatmaps or did you mean to say that these maps are pooled by the mappool selector?

Author: unsure, but the original id took it as created, but the maps were indeed selected, not created

so i'll change it to selected

>   - The maximum number of players to enter the next round is 56 players.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - A maximum of 56 players will enter the next stage.
```

> - All players will have 2 chances to play in each map, which means a total of 8 songs played.

Reviewer 2: Also clarify "will have to chances to play in each map", this implies they will play the same map twice?

Author: correct

>   - In the Qualifiers round there will be 4 maps in the mappool that have different skillsets, all of these maps will be selected by the mappool selector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - In the Qualifiers there will be 4 maps in the mappool with different skillsets.
```

> - The highest score played for each beatmap will be accounted and the Qualifiers score will be accumulated based on the comparison of scores of other players.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The highest score played for each beatmap will be counted and the Qualifiers score will be accumulated based on the comparison of scores of other players.
```

>   - All players will have 2 chances to play in each map, which means a total of 8 songs played.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Each map will be played twice.
```

>   - The highest score played for each beatmap will be counted and the Qualifiers score will be accumulated based on the comparison of scores of other players.

Reviewer 3: by "Qualifiers score" do you mean seeding?

```suggestion
  - The highest score for each beatmap will be counted and the Qualifiers score will be accumulated based on the comparison of scores to other players.
```

- After the Qualifiers round ends there will be a distribution of players based on seed.

>   - The function of seed is for the distribution of the next round, where players are randomized based on different seed.

Reviewer 2: is it randomized if the seed is determined based on their position in the qualifiers?

Author: correct

Reviewer 3: ...then it's not randomized. it can't be because it's not random.

i'm also pretty sure this whole sentence is redundant, looking at the above and below points

>   - Seed distribution based on position in the Qualifiers :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Seed distribution is based on the players position in the Qualifiers:
```

>   - After the Qualifiers round ends there will be a distribution of players based on seed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - After the Qualifiers end there will be a distribution of players based on seed.
```

>     - 1 - 16: Top Seed
>     - 17 - 32: High Seed
>     - 33 - 48: Medium Seed
>     - 49 - 56: Low Seed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - 1–16: Top seed
    - 17–32: High seed
    - 33–48: Medium seed
    - 49–56: Low seed
```

    - Players who get the Top Seed will immediately enter the Group Distribution Stage, without having to go to the Round of 56 first.
- **Round of 56**

>   - In this round, there will be 8 groups where each group contains **2 high seed, 2 medium seed, and 1 low seed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In this round, there will be 8 groups with **2 high seed, 2 medium seed, and 1 low seed** in each group.
```

>     - Players who get the Top Seed will immediately enter the Group Distribution Stage, without having to go to the Round of 56 first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Players who get the top seed will immediately enter the Group Distribution Stage, without having to go through the Round of 56 first.
```

>   - In this round, there will be 8 groups with **2 high seed, 2 medium seed, and 1 low seed** in each group.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - In this round, there will be 8 groups with **2 high-seed, 2 medium-seed, and 1 low-seed player** in each group.
```

  - The players who will qualify for the next round are the players who are in the top **2 positions** in each group.

>   - In the Round of 56 there will be **7 mappools (with 1 Tiebreaker)**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - In the Round of 56 mappool will have **7 maps (including 1 tiebreaker)**.
```

  - Each player collects points by reaching **positions 1 to 3**.
  - The scoring system is as follows:

>     - 1st: 3 Point
>     - 2nd: 2 Point
>     - 3rd: 1 Point

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - 1st: 3 point
    - 2nd: 2 point
    - 3rd: 1 point
```

>     - If both players get the same score in the 1-2 position, then the points will be taken from the top position. For example :

Reviewer 3: i wonder what would happen if 3 people get the same score

```suggestion
    - If two players get the same score, competing for the first or second position, then the points will be taken from the top position. For example:
```

>       - Player A's score: 997.880 (3 Poin)
>       - **Player B's score: 995.522 (2 Point)**
>       - **Player C's score: 995.522 (2 Point)**
>       - Player D's score: 994.695 (0 Point)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - Player A's score: 997.880 (3 point)
      - **Player B's score: 995.522 (2 point)**
      - **Player C's score: 995.522 (2 point)**
      - Player D's score: 994.695 (0 point)
```

>     - The Tiebreaker map will be used when players with **the second position and below have the same points** to get the 2nd place.

Reviewer 3: this rule kinda overlaps with the previous rule, do you mean *3rd place and below*?

```suggestion
    - The tiebreaker map will be used when players with **the second position and below have the same points** to get the 2nd place.
```

> - **Conditions to qualify from Group Distribution to Bracket Stage**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Conditions to qualify from the Group Distribution Stage to the Bracket Stage**
```

  - Each group consists of **4 players** and the total number of players in the entire group is **32 players**.

>   - The winning condition for the Group Distribution Stage is the player who wins the first **4 points in a match**.

Reviewer 2: Is this meaning to say that the first person to win 4 points wins? If so I suggest:

```suggestion
  - The winning condition for the Group Distribution Stage is being the first player to win **4 points in a match**.
```

>   - The winning condition for the Group Distribution Stage is being the first player to win **4 points in a match**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - The win condition for the Group Distribution Stage is being the first player to win **4 points in a match (best-of-7)**.
```

  - There will be 2 out of 4 players who qualify for the next round. The final standings per group are determined from:

>     - The amount of matches won by players. If it's the same, then it will be determined from:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The amount of matches won by players. If they are the same, then it will be determined from:
```

    - The difference between the picks won by the player during the match. If it's still the same, then it will be determined from  **the highest Seed during Qualifiers**.
- **Match Rules (Round of 32 until Grand Final)**

>   - If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will be declared **win automatically (*win by default*)**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will be declared **winner (*win by default*)**.
```

>     - The difference between the picks won by the player during the match. If it's still the same, then it will be determined from  **the highest Seed during Qualifiers**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The difference between the picks won by the player during the match. If they too are the same, then it will be determined from:
    - The highest seed from the Qualifiers.
```

> - **Match Rules (Round of 32 until Grand Final)**

Reviewer 3: separate heading

>   - If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will be declared **winner (*win by default*)**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will win by default.
```

>   - Before the game starts, players will roll first. Players who win in the roll can choose **to ban** first and followed by the player who lost the roll. After both players have determined the map that is banned, the player will choose the map that is going to be played.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Before the game starts, the players will `!roll` first. The players who **wins** in the `!roll` can choose to **ban first**. After both players have determined which maps are banned, the first player will choose the map that is going to be played.
```

  - If both players got the same score, then **the match will be replayed using the same map**.

>   - The Tiebreaker map is played when both players get a difference of one in point with the winning points that **should have gotten** to **win the match**.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure what this means? Shouldn't TB's be played when they have the same amount of map points?

Author: indeed, does "both players get a difference of one in point with the winning points" sounds too ambiguous?

Reviewer 2: I think so, should be something along the lines of 
```suggestion
  - The Tiebreaker map is played when both players have the same amount of points and 1 more point is required to **win the match** by either player.
```

Author: Right then, sure

>   - The Tiebreaker map is played when both players have the same amount of points and 1 more point is required to **win the match** by either player.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - The tiebreaker map is played when both players have the same amount of points and 1 more point is required to **win the match** by either player.
```

- **Mappools format from Group Distribution stage**

>   - Group Distribution : Best of 7 (Total of 10 Maps, 1 TieBreak)
>   - Round of 16 - Quarterfinal : Best of 9 (Total of 12 Maps, 1 TieBreak)
>   - SemiFinal : Best of 11 (Total of 14 Maps, 1 TieBreak)
>   - Final - Grand Final : Best of 13 (Total of16 Maps, 1 TieBreak)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Group Distribution Stage: Best of 7 (10 Maps, including 1 tiebreak)
  - Round of 16 – Quarterfinal: Best of 9 (12 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Semifinal: Best of 11 (14 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Final - Grand Final: Best of 13 (16 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
```

> - Starting from the Bracket Stage, a **double elimination*** system will be applied. This system gives each player 2 opportunities to compete, with the following description:

Reviewer: this should perhaps be simplified into something like this instead :

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/189515127-919c4f8d-2e24-435d-bb5e-1beb51d8c31c.png)

> - Starting from the Bracket Stage, a **double elimination*** system will be used, the system works as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Starting from the Bracket Stage, a **double-elimination*** format will be used, which works as follows:
```

>   - Player A beats player B. Player A will advance to the next round, and so will player B. But player B will enter the loser bracket (a special bracket for players who have already lost **one time**).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Player A beats player B. Player A will advance to the next round, and so will player B. But player B will enter the losers bracket (a special bracket for players who have already lost **one time**).
```

>   - If player B loses again in the loser bracket, then player B will **fall out of the tournament**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If player B loses again in the losers bracket, then player B will be **eliminated from the tournament**.
```

>   - Player who loses in the bracket will enter the losers bracket (a special bracket for players who have already lost **one time**).
>   - If the player loses again in the losers bracket, then the player will be **eliminated from the tournament**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - A player who loses in the winners' bracket will enter the losers' bracket (a special bracket for players who have already lost **one time**).
  - If the player loses again in the losers' bracket, then the player will be **eliminated from the tournament**.
```

tags:
  - O!MIC 4K 2019
  - OMIC
---

# osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019

![O!MIC 4K 2019 Logo](img/logo.png)

> The **osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019** (***O!MIC 4K 2019***) was a nationwide osu!mania 4K tournament that was open exclusively to Indonesian players. The tournament adopted a hybrid system in where the early matches were held in a royal rumble format, which was then followed by a 1v1 double elimination bracket starting from the Group Distribution Stage onwards.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The **osu!mania 4K Indonesia Cup 2019** (***O!MIC 4K 2019***) was a nationwide osu!mania 4K tournament that was open exclusively to Indonesian players. The tournament adopted a hybrid system, in which the early matches were held in a royal rumble format, that was then followed by a 1v1 double elimination bracket starting from the Group Distribution Stage onwards.
```

## Tournament schedule 

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2019-05-26/2019-06-09 |
| Live drawings | 2019-06-10/2019-06-16 |
| Qualifiers | 2019-06-22/2019-06-23 |
| Round of 56 | 2019-06-29/2019-06-30 |
| Group Distribution Stage - First Week | 2019-07-06/2019-07-07 |

> | Group Distribution Stage - Second Week | 2019-07-13/2019-07-14 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Group Distribution Stage week 2 | 2019-07-13/2019-07-14 |
```

| Mappool selector | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-Rem-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5767941), ::{ flag=ID }:: [[Crz]Crysarlene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5492871), ::{ flag=ID }:: [LuxAzure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6045757) |
| Streamer | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Ulat Bulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3484548), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Victim_Crasher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2084869) |
| Referee | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-ExRazor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6807769), ::{ flag=ID }:: [[Crz]Crysarlene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5492871), ::{ flag=ID }:: [[Kii - kun]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11246935), ::{ flag=ID }:: [_Riku1602](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6918271), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Aishdoll-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7751704), ::{ flag=ID }:: [angki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9038483), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Kirana](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4566442), ::{ flag=ID }:: [LuxAzure](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6045757), ::{ flag=ID }:: [LuxAzusa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3957170), ::{ flag=ID }:: [projectc1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2663343), ::{ flag=ID }:: [SayoriFangirl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4569035), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Ulat Bulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3484548), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Victim_Crasher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2084869) |

> | Commentator | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-ExRazor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6807769), ::{ flag=ID }:: [[Crz]Crysarlene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5492871), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Artemis-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9025266), ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Halsy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6551704), ::{ flag=ID }:: [projectc1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2663343), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575), ::{ flag=ID }:: [SayoriFangirl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4569035), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Ulat Bulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3484548), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Victim_Crasher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2084869) |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Commentator | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-ExRazor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6807769), ::{ flag=ID }:: [[Crz]Crysarlene](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5492871), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Artemis-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9025266), ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Halsy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6551704), ::{ flag=ID }:: [projectc1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2663343), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575), ::{ flag=ID }:: [SayoriFangirl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4569035), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Ulat Bulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3484548), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Victim\_Crasher](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2084869) |
```

| **E** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Noch Einen](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12668735) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Dil-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3796282) |
| **F** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [reyss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4557440) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onii\_ue](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12471868) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [FelixSpade](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2651304) |
| **G** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Neptunia-chan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11608122) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [anzutto232](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13408635) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Merlinch](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4901971) |
| **H** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [kebannedanjg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12971540) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [2ndlegend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7621604) | ::{ flag=ID }:: [StyxFearNite](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8390933) |

## Mappools

> ### Final / Grand Final

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Grand Finals & Finals
```

  8. [Venetian Snares - Contain (Halogen-) \[Genesis\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/853406#mania/1783616)
  9. [Necrosy - Drown Into Perdition (LuxAzure) \[hi19hi19's Challenge (300bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1012477#mania/2119186)
  10. [xi - Bad Elixir (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Merciless Judgement (nerfed)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/953656#mania/1991186)
  11. [YZYX - Dysnomia (Chrubble) \[Aphasia\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/867111#mania/1812736)
  12. [Nanahoshi  Kangengakudan - Talent Shredder (juankristal) \[Timing Hell\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/853532#mania/1783836)
  13. [DJ CHUCKY - Abyss Of The Darkness (AutotelicBrown) \[Ayumu's abyss\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/657834#mania/1393350)
  14. [KikuoHana - Hibi Darake No Me (Gekido-) \[Stabbing\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/748212#mania/1576294)
  15. [Graham Kartna - chiltonWALK.temp (Nivrad00) \[Challenge\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1010184#mania/2114659)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Quarks (kradness x Camellia) - Intro + Dualive (Evening) \[backpropogation\_edit\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/996757#mania/2116122)**

> ### Semifinal

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Semifinals
```

- FreeMod
  1. [Paul Bazooka - We're All Gonna Die (Kamikaze) \[Rigor Mortis\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/917575#mania/1916188)
  2. [YZYX - .\_Pulse (-Rem-) \[Challenge (240bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1007048#mania/2107663)
  3. [guna with Team Kyukkyu - subconsciousness (WalterToro) \[Benzopirene w/ remuther (177bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1006457#mania/2106348)
  4. [School Food Punishment - in bloom (MisterLuka) \[nanzen nanman\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/884072#mania/1848003)
  5. [Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou - More One Night (Assertive Hardcore Bootleg) (Gekido-) \[/o/ DAB \o\\\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/942612#mania/1968373)
  6. [LV.4 - Fragile (2011 Mix) (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Lynessa's Handstream (207bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1007085#mania/2107734)
  7. [Camellia - Bring Our Ignition Back (Evening) \[exhaust\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1006223#mania/2112165)
  8. [MDK - Press Start (juankristal) \[1up\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/850118#mania/1777456)

>   9. [yassu~ - before... (-Rem-) \[mizuki w/ remuther (MP4K3 Edit)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1007040#mania/2107649)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  9. [yassu\~ - before... (-Rem-) \[mizuki w/ remuther (MP4K3 Edit)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1007040#mania/2107649)
```

  10. [Kyou1110 vs Takuya Namba - "Alice in Wonderland"  crazy apple could not live in real life (Kamikaze) \[Distressed\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/745471#mania/1643708)
  11. [Tenacious D - Master Exploder (Valedict) \[BLOW YA MIND\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/980802#mania/2052615)
  12. [Ester - Dizzolve (riunosk) \[Dizintegration\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/951988#mania/1987960)
  13. [Max Dragon - OMEGA (Guilhermeziat) \[Terminal\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/760828#mania/1599981)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[KikuoHana - Haretsu Haretsu Haretsu (Gekido-) \[Rupture\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/977898#mania/2046620)**

> ### Quarterfinal

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Quarterfinals
```

  4. [HHHxMMxST - Follow Tomorrow (STARLiGHT Mix) (\_underjoy) \[UJCHAN!!\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/873621#mania/1826057)
  5. [Culprate & Bloom - Aurora (-Rem-) \[borealis\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/984703#mania/2060360)
  6. [N.M.S.T. - Snowflakes (-Rem-) \[memory (183.75 bpm)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/998597#mania/2088657)
  7. [Aphex Twin - Flim (LuxAzure) \[Nivrad's Mapping Style: Parachor\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1004120#mania/2101565)
  8. [Kanae Asaba - Endless Starlight \~Inochi no Kirameki\~ (Raveille) \[Kibo\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/629366#mania/1328717)
  9. [Helblinde - Putin's Boner (LuxAzure) \[Challenge Lv.48\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1005205#mania/2103777)
  10. [Kkrusty - A Quick Death (Shoegazer) \[Desolation\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/800074#mania/1679692)
  11. [xarva - easymotion (zero2snow) \[Stage 1: Estimate\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/948786#mania/1981394)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Billain - Specialist (Raveille) \[Maestro\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/574577#mania/1216877)**

### Round of 16

- FreeMod

>   1. [Yu_Asahina - Trickstarz (hi19hi19) \[Hard\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/349432#mania/770549)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  1. [Yu\_Asahina - Trickstarz (hi19hi19) \[Hard\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/349432#mania/770549)
```

  2. [Camellia - Crystallized (qqqant) \[myself, my voice\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/890013#mania/1860459)
  3. [DET - Fives (Elekton) [55555]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/539403#mania/1293074)
  4. [Camellia - Towards The Horizon (-Rem-) \[Visionary\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/909132#mania/1897188)
  5. [M2U remixed celas - Legend of Seeker (Kamikaze) \[Despair\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/869795#mania/1817750)
  6. [Cuve - v o l d e n u i t (SitekX) \[h y b r i d\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/905494#mania/1889957)
  7. [fripSide - sister's noise (TV Size) (juankristal) \[Electromaster\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/973859#mania/2038639)
  8. [wa. remixed by celas - Gin no Kaze -Silver Wind- (Elekton) \[mistral\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/757160#mania/1592941)

>   9. [Ryu* ft. MAYU - Only For You\* (Ryu\* REMIX) (Kamikaze) \[nowsmart's SHINE (MP4K Edit)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/996035#mania/2083446)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  9. [Ryu\* ft. MAYU - Only For You\* (Ryu\* REMIX) (Kamikaze) \[nowsmart's SHINE (MP4K Edit)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/996035#mania/2083446)
```

  11. [FLOOR BABA - Whole Pocket (Lenfried-) \[8 Ball\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/781110#mania/1640591)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[Camellia - Furry Cannon (LuxAzure) \[CURIOSSITY'S PRIMAL SVVAGERY (buffed edition)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1003476#mania/2100177)**

### Group Distribution Stage

- FreeMod
  1. [The Flashbulb - Every Two Days (Civilization) \[2\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/905599#mania/1890121)
  2. [Izayoi - Night of Knights (Shoegazer) \[Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/477209#mania/1019346)
  3. [In Love With A Ghost - i'm too busy trying to fly away (Civilization) \[clutz\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/948973#mania/1981682)
  4. [Gabriel,Vene,Satanha,Raphael - Gabriel Drop Kick (TV Size) (ALEFY) \[Extra\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/731849#mania/1544308)
  5. [Lime - Stargazer (Kamikaze) \[Astral\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/946116#mania/1975568)
  6. [SENTIVE - rain drops (ByeForNow) \[see that, the rain is nice, but....\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/970444#mania/2031163)
  7. [X Kirby - Smiting Down the Weak (-Rem-) \[Challenge\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/995962#mania/2083317)

>   8. [P*Light feat. mow*2 - OVERDRIVERS (inteliser) \[EXTREME \[LN\]\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/578558#mania/1224997)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  8. [P\*Light feat. mow\*2 - OVERDRIVERS (inteliser) \[EXTREME \[LN\]\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/578558#mania/1224997)
```

  4. [Van Damme - Computer Graphics Demonstration Tape (Hydria) \[Four Keys Scroll Velocity Demonstration Chart\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/641196#mania/1359715)
  5. [Dan Salvato - Doki Doki Literature Club! (Main Theme) (arcwinolivirus) \[?Harem?\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/682702#mania/1443731)
  6. [holic - Deus ex machina (-Rem-) \[guil x rem's errata\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/984769#mania/2060485)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[xi vs sakuzyo - STORIA (Kyousuke-) \[Rido's 4K Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/330438#mania/732355)**

### Qualifiers

- FreeMod
  1. [SlipGate - Chronon (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 1: Constant\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988436#mania/2067666)
  2. [Skrillex - Bangarang (feat. Sirah) (Cut Ver.) (-Rem-) \[Stage 2: Clarity\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988439#mania/2067676)
  3. [SHK - Identity Part 4 (LuxAzure) \[Stage 3: Existence\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988442#mania/2067686)
  4. [Venetian Snares - My So-Called Life (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 4: Desolation\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988435#mania/2067665)

## Match results

> ### Grand Final

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Grand Finals
```

Sunday, 25 August 2019:

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54171320) |
| **[Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54345380) |

> ### Final

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Finals
```

Sunday, 18 August 2019:

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **[Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54166162) |
| [\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 5 | **7** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/54171320) |

> ### Semifinal

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Semifinals
```

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| [Heriza-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8911771) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[Kevin-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6991664)** | *win by default* |

Saturday, 10 August 2019:

| Player 1  | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| [Yamada Kitaro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7670805) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 5 | **6** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53967434) |
| **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [reyss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4557440) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53968412) |
| **[ChocoCoki-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3565870)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Proxae](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8410575) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53971409) |

Sunday, 11 August 2019:

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **[\_claidheamh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4686520)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Fyl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10069307) | *win by default* |

> ### Quarterfinal

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Quarterfinals
```

| **[\[ID\]Catalyst-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8810018)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 3 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [rizki20](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6523286) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53329314) |
| **[Artem1s](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12561379)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Zero\[13\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13942350) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53331799) |
| [Yangga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143152) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **4** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53331589) |
| **[Slowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10053987)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [MATEH ON](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8136810) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53333251) |
| **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[-TiaZark-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14294140) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53333168) |

### Round of 56

Saturday, 29 June 2019:

| Group | Players | Match Link |
| :-: | :-- | :-: |

> | **Group A** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [2ndlegend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7621604) (14 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onii\_ue](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12471868) (13 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [World_Disaster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10666064) (5 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [XnoxID](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13605876) (4 Point), ::{ flag=ID }:: [CrashOOF](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13788391) (0 Point) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/52988947) |

Reviewer 3: etc

also none of these match links work

```suggestion
| **Group A** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [2ndlegend](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7621604) (14 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Onii\_ue](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12471868) (13 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [World_Disaster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10666064) (5 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [XnoxID](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13605876) (4 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [CrashOOF](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13788391) (0 points) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/52988947) |
```

| **Group G** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [alvinrainbow](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4783042) (15 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [anzutto232](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13408635) (15 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [pakyan29](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7879632) (6 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ilhamsyah849](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4679215) (0 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[AST\]Rosary](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12504843) (0 points) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53005726) |
| **Group H** | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[-TiaZark-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14294140) (13 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Dil-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3796282) (11 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [ReZ\_TB](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9113955) (6 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [Hilmi Ghazian](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3200342) (6 points), ::{ flag=ID }:: [RizSama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9281315) (0 points) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53009213) |

> ## General rules

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Ruleset

### General rules
```

    - If two players get the same score, competing for the first or second position, then the points will be taken from the top position. For example:
      - Player A's score: 997.880 (3 points)
      - **Player B's score: 995.522 (2 points)**
      - **Player C's score: 995.522 (2 points)**
      - Player D's score: 994.695 (0 points)
    - The tiebreaker map will be used when players with **the second position and below have the same points** to get the 2nd place.
- **Conditions to qualify from the Group Distribution Stage to the Bracket Stage**
  - Each group consists of **4 players** and the total number of players in the entire group is **32 players**.
  - The win condition for the Group Distribution Stage is being the first player to win **4 points in a match (best-of-7)**.
  - There will be 2 out of 4 players who qualify for the next round. The final standings per group are determined from:
    - The amount of matches won by players. If they are the same, then it will be determined from:
    - The difference between the picks won by the player during the match. If they too are the same, then it will be determined from:
    - The highest seed from the Qualifiers.

> ### Match Rules (Round of 32 until Grand Final)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Match rules (Round of 32 until Grand Finals)
```

  - If one of the players is not present, then the player who is present in the match will win by default.
  - Before the game starts, the players will `!roll` first. The players who **wins** in the `!roll` can choose to **ban first**. After both players have determined which maps are banned, the first player will choose the map that is going to be played.
  - If both players got the same score, then **the match will be replayed using the same map**.
  - The tiebreaker map is played when both players have the same amount of points and 1 more point is required to **win the match** by either player.
- **Mappools format from Group Distribution stage**

>   - Group Distribution Stage: Best of 7 (10 Maps, including 1 tiebreak)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Group Distribution Stage: Best of 7 (10 Maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
```

  - Round of 16 – Quarterfinal: Best of 9 (12 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Semifinal: Best of 11 (14 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)

>   - Final - Grand Final: Best of 13 (16 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Final – Grand Final: Best of 13 (16 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
```

>   - Round of 16 – Quarterfinal: Best of 9 (12 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
>   - Semifinal: Best of 11 (14 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
>   - Final – Grand Final: Best of 13 (16 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - Round of 16 – Quarterfinals: Best of 9 (12 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Semifinals: Best of 11 (14 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
  - Finals – Grand Finals: Best of 13 (16 maps, including 1 tiebreaker)
```

  4. [Van Damme - Computer Graphics Demonstration Tape (Hydria) \[Four Keys Scroll Velocity Demonstration Chart\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/641196#mania/1359715)
  5. [Dan Salvato - Doki Doki Literature Club! (Main Theme) (arcwinolivirus) \[?Harem?\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/682702#mania/1443731)
  6. [holic - Deus ex machina (-Rem-) \[guil x rem's errata\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/984769#mania/2060485)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[xi vs sakuzyo - STORIA (Kyousuke-) \[Rido's 4K Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/330438#mania/732355)**

### Qualifiers

- FreeMod
  1. [SlipGate - Chronon (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 1: Constant\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988436#mania/2067666)
  2. [Skrillex - Bangarang (feat. Sirah) (Cut Ver.) (-Rem-) \[Stage 2: Clarity\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988439#mania/2067676)
  3. [SHK - Identity Part 4 (LuxAzure) \[Stage 3: Existence\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988442#mania/2067686)
  4. [Venetian Snares - My So-Called Life (\[Crz\]Crysarlene) \[Stage 4: Desolation\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/988435#mania/2067665)

## Match results

### Grand Final

> Sunday, 25 August 2019

Reviewer 3: put a colon at the end of these

> | Player 1 | | | | Player 2 | Match link |

Reviewer 3: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36758269/189526508-64364f7e-4276-490e-a71a-deb923877609.png)

```suggestion
| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
```

| **[\[ID\]Catalyst-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8810018)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 3 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [rizki20](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6523286) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53329314) |
| **[Artem1s](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12561379)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [Zero\[13\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13942350) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53331799) |
| [Yangga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12143152) ::{ flag=ID }:: | 0 | **4** | ::{ flag=ID }:: **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53331589) |
| **[Slowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10053987)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [MATEH ON](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8136810) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53333251) |
| **[-\[ChoKy\]-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4691146)** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **4** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: [\[-TiaZark-\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14294140) | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/53333168) |

> ### Round of 56

Reviewer 3: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36758269/189526446-b574a161-c03a-48d7-8ab4-f27dcdae297b.png)

Author: i dont think this is supposed to be separated right?

Saturday, 29 June 2019

> | Group | Player 1  | Player 2 | Player 3 | Player 4 | Player 5 | Match Link |

Reviewer 3: can't this be just `| Group | Players | Match link |`?

Author: sure

  - After the Qualifiers end there will be a distribution of players based on seed.
  - The function of seed is for the distribution of the next round, where players are placed based on different seed.
  - Seed distribution is based on the player's position in the Qualifiers:
    - 1–16: Top seed
    - 17–32: High seed
    - 33–48: Medium seed
    - 49–56: Low seed
    - Players who get the top seed will immediately enter the Group Distribution Stage, without having to go through the Round of 56 first.
- **Round of 56**
  - In this round, there will be 8 groups with **2 high-seed, 2 medium-seed, and 1 low-seed player** in each group.
  - The players who will qualify for the next round are the players who are in the top **2 positions** in each group.
  - In the Round of 56 mappool will have **7 maps (including 1 tiebreaker)**.
  - Each player collects points by reaching **positions 1 to 3**.
  - The scoring system is as follows:
    - 1st: 3 point
    - 2nd: 2 point
    - 3rd: 1 point
    - If two players get the same score, competing for the first or second position, then the points will be taken from the top position. For example:

>       - Player A's score: 997.880 (3 point)
>       - **Player B's score: 995.522 (2 point)**
>       - **Player C's score: 995.522 (2 point)**
>       - Player D's score: 994.695 (0 point)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - Player A's score: 997.880 (3 points)
      - **Player B's score: 995.522 (2 points)**
      - **Player C's score: 995.522 (2 points)**
      - Player D's score: 994.695 (0 points)
```
